docs/onboarding/4 Contracts SDK/Base Contracts/Staking/Staking721Base.mdx, before:

---
slug: /solidity/base-contracts/staking/staking721base
title: Staking - ERC721
---

import ViewContractCodeButton from "@components/ViewContractCodeButton";
import QuickstartCard from "@components/QuickstartCard";
import ImportSnippet from "@components/ImportSnippet";

# Staking ERC721 Base

The `Staking721Base` smart contract implements NFT staking mechanism. It allows composition of NFT Collection and ERC20 Token contract into a staking mechanism.

The base contract provides for customization of staking logic. Contract admins can implement their own reward mechanisms by overriding existing functions.

<ViewContractCodeButton
  link="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/contracts/blob/main/contracts/base/Staking721Base.sol"
  name="Staking721Base"
/>

## Unlocked Features

Once deployed, you can use the features made available by these contracts on the SDK and dashboard:

Click on each feature to learn more about what functions are available.

<div className="row" style={{ marginBottom: 24, flexWrap: "wrap" }}>
  <div className="col col--4" style={{ padding: 8 }}>
    <QuickstartCard
      name="Contract Metadata"
      link="/sdk/advanced-features/contract-settings"
      image="/assets/icons/general.png"
    />
  </div>
  <div className="col col--4" style={{ padding: 8 }}>
    <QuickstartCard
      name="Ownable"
      link="/solidity/extension-contracts/ownable"
      image="/assets/icons/general.png"
    />
  </div>
  <div className="col col--4" style={{ padding: 8 }}>
    <QuickstartCard
      name="Staking ERC721"
      link="/solidity/extension-contracts/staking721"
      image="/assets/icons/general.png"
    />
  </div>
</div>

## Implementing the Contract Extension

Import the contract extension and make your contract inherit it.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "@thirdweb-dev/contracts/base/Staking721Base.sol";

contract MyContract is Staking721Base {
    constructor(
        uint256 _timeUnit,
        uint256 _rewardsPerUnitTime,
        address _stakingToken,
        address _rewardToken,
        address _nativeTokenWrapper
    ) Staking721Base(_timeUnit, _rewardsPerUnitTime, _stakingToken, _rewardToken, _nativeTokenWrapper) {}
}
```

Commit message:

update extensions on base contracts

docs/onboarding/4 Contracts SDK/Base Contracts/Staking/Staking721Base.mdx, after:

---
slug: /solidity/base-contracts/staking/staking721base
title: Staking - ERC721
---

import ViewContractCodeButton from "@components/ViewContractCodeButton";
import QuickstartCard from "@components/QuickstartCard";
import ImportSnippet from "@components/ImportSnippet";

# Staking ERC721 Base

The `Staking721Base` smart contract implements NFT staking mechanism. It allows composition of NFT Collection and ERC20 Token contract into a staking mechanism.

The base contract provides for customization of staking logic. Contract admins can implement their own reward mechanisms by overriding existing functions.

<ViewContractCodeButton
  link="https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/contracts/blob/main/contracts/base/Staking721Base.sol"
  name="Staking721Base"
/>

## Unlocked Extensions

Once deployed, you can use the features made available by these extensions on the SDK and dashboard:

Click on each feature to learn more about what functions are available.

<div className="row" style={{ marginBottom: 24, flexWrap: "wrap" }}>
  <div className="col col--4" style={{ padding: 8 }}>
    <QuickstartCard
      name="Contract Metadata"
      link="/solidity/extensions/contractmetadata"
      image="/assets/icons/general.png"
    />
  </div>
  <div className="col col--4" style={{ padding: 8 }}>
    <QuickstartCard
      name="Ownable"
      link="/solidity/extensions/ownable"
      image="/assets/icons/general.png"
    />
  </div>
  <div className="col col--4" style={{ padding: 8 }}>
    <QuickstartCard
      name="Staking ERC721"
      link="/solidity/extensions/staking721"
      image="/assets/icons/general.png"
    />
  </div>
</div>

## Implementing the Contract Extension

Import the contract extension and make your contract inherit it.

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

import "@thirdweb-dev/contracts/base/Staking721Base.sol";

contract MyContract is Staking721Base {
    constructor(
        uint256 _timeUnit,
        uint256 _rewardsPerUnitTime,
        address _stakingToken,
        address _rewardToken,
        address _nativeTokenWrapper
    ) Staking721Base(_timeUnit, _rewardsPerUnitTime, _stakingToken, _rewardToken, _nativeTokenWrapper) {}
}
```
